Today I'd like share a story of number one. Here the number one does not mean the first place, it just means number one in the mathematics world.

On the last November eleventh the number one stayed alone and felt very lonely. So he decided to walk out to meet some friends, OK a girl friend.firstly he meeting Miss number two. but he just talked with her very few words and left. Later he met Miss number eight, he just talked with her very few words and left again. He walked forward and met Miss square of two, he just talked with her very few words and left. Later he met Miss four - the square root of two, he just talked with her very few words and left again. He walked forward and met Miss number pai, one just talked with her very few words and left. Later he met Miss imaginary number i, he seemed can't see her and just moved on. At last he met Miss number zero, one turned around and left even with a word.

So one prayed to the god:"god, god, why can't I find a friend, a girl who I like, I love?". God answered:"You had met a lot of numbers, why did you not like them?". One answered:"I don't like them because all of them had some shortcoming or weak points". God was surprised:"Really? say it!"

One said:"Firstly I met two, she seemed very tired and in a low mood, her head was down and can't walk. she was just crawling. Look at me, I am talk and straight. Then I met eight, she had a fat body and a fat head. Look at me, I am so slim. Then I met the square of two, oh she already had got a baby. Later it the square root of two, she is more miserable than Miss two, she even just had a half of a house and she is an irrational number. The I met pai, she had a whole house. But she is round and sleek and more she is also irrational number just like the square root of two. Then I met i - the imaginary number one, she is beautiful but it seems we walk on the different direction. At last I met zero, she was so poor, she had nothing and even can make me nothing!"

God laughed and said:"Why did you only notice the shortcoming or disadvantage of others. You really need to try to find highlight and advantage from them. For example, number two just head down and crawl when she talks to you because she is much taller than you if she stand up and head up. She was a little tired just she is very busy after all she is a prime!. Number eight is fat but many Chinese like her because of her Chinese pronunciation. And she will become an infinite when she lie down. Number four - the square of two has real power and can increase very quickly. And the square root of two never repeat her words and had a half of house at least. The number pai can occupy the largest space with the same line, she is a genius! the imaginary number i is the image of yourself in the other world, the world was composed by the reals and imagines. At the last the number zero has the greatest power, yes, it can change all number to nothing but it can also make it ten times and make an infinite when she divide herself with another number. So everyone had his shortcoming and disadvantage, but you can't only see that. You must see their power, genius and advantages. Understand them, learn from them and work with them. Then all of you can build up the mathematics world together."

This is a simple story of number one. All of us can understand the mistakes of number one. But can we avoid it in our lives?
